Socratic 137 (#161)
BitDevsNYC/BitDevsNYC.github.io: _posts/2024-06-27-bitcoin-developers’-socratic-seminar-137.md

---
layout: post
type: socratic
title: "Bitcoin Developers’ Socratic Seminar 137 (at PubKey!)"
meetup: "https://www.meetup.com/bitdevsnyc/events/301367442/"
---

## Announcements

> Please join us for our next Socratic Seminar, hosted at PubKey! A special thank you to our sponsors [Chaincode Labs](https://chaincode.com) and [Wolf NYC](https://wolfnyc.com) for food, refreshments and event space.

Reviewer: Pubkey spells itself Pubkey. Also, updating the sponsor notes:

```suggestion
Please join us for our next Socratic Seminar, hosted at Pubkey! Food and drinks will be available for purchase from Pubkey. A limited tab will be available on a first-come basis. We thank [Wolf NYC](https://wolfnyc.com) for sponsoring the event.
```

- [Proposing a P2QRH BIP towards a quantum resistant soft fork](https://delvingbitcoin.org/t/proposing-a-p2qrh-bip-towards-a-quantum-resistant-soft-fork)
- [Proof-of-work based signet faucet](https://delvingbitcoin.org/t/proof-of-work-based-signet-faucet)
- [Who will run the CoinJoin coordinators?](https://delvingbitcoin.org/t/who-will-run-the-coinjoin-coordinators)
- [Proposed risk framework for Bitcoin L2s and Sidechains](https://delvingbitcoin.org/t/proposed-risk-framework-for-bitcoin-l2s-and-sidechains)
- [FE'd Up Covenants](https://delvingbitcoin.org/t/fed-up-covenants)

### Meetings
- [Bitcoin PR Review Club](https://bitcoincore.reviews)
    - [#30132 Don't wipe indexes again when continuing a prior reindex](https://bitcoincore.reviews/30132)

- Bitcoin Core general developer meetings
    - [May 30](https://www.erisian.com.au/bitcoin-core-dev/log-2024-05-30.html#l-166)
    - [June 6](https://www.erisian.com.au/bitcoin-core-dev/log-2024-06-06.html#l-68)
    - [June 13](https://www.erisian.com.au/bitcoin-core-dev/log-2024-06-13.html#l-81)
    - [June 20](https://www.erisian.com.au/bitcoin-core-dev/log-2024-06-20.html#l-127)

- Lightning Specification meeting

>     - <!--- TODO replace: [December 5th](https://github.com/lightning/bolts/issues/1046) --->

Reviewer: Empty section
